2014-12-30

Started: 11:45
Ended at 13:55

# Present:
Volodymyr Kryvko (kryvkovr)  
Vladyslav Savytskyi (ttomoday)  
Svyatoslav Antipov  
Markiyan Keleman (markiyan-ph)  
Yaroslav Sapuzhak (ange1os)  

# Absent:
Mariia Dzhala (marichka310)  
Inna Nesipbaieva  

# Agenda:

1. Past secretaries submit minutes from previous meetings to github
   As no one did this home task, we are doing it online.
   
   Volodymyr Kryvko  
   Vladyslav Savytskyi  
   Markiyan Keleman  
   added their minutes  

2. Volodymyr Kryvko: implemented a new page for showing stories nearby
   - showed screenshots
   - refused to send a pull request

3. Vladyslav Savytskyi: made a presentation of how a story editor works

4. Yaroslav Sapuzhak: told about CDNs.

# Homework

1. Those, who fulfilled the secretary role before, should submit the meeting minutes to https://github.com/caujka/lv135
   The procedure is following:
   * fork the repository to your github account
   * clone the repository locally
   * make changes (add your meeting minutes in markdown)
   * commit the changes locally
   * git push to your repository on github
   * on github find the green "pull request" button and make a pull request

2. Volodymyr will work on showing the stories nearby. He will make a presentation about his approach and challenges that he met.

3. Vladyslav will make a presentation on how the pictures are saved from story editor to storage.

4. Sviatoslav will make analysis of how much traffic does the system need depending on the number of content consumers and creators, make assumptions on growth rate, and provide a ballpark estimates on costs according to tariff plans from 3 CDN providers. Also, he will tell us, how the files are saved on these CDNs, retrieved from them, and what functions they offer over their API.

5. All other girls and boys have the same task as previous time.

TBD: fill this part from Inna's notes.



Meeting over skype and hangout turned out to be counterproductive:

- it is too slow to type
- conversation gets messy
- video/voice conference tuned out to be a problem for some participants 


